Hello everyone and in this video I will show here
such a geometric design
design tape
nails
also used three gentle varnish
spring shades you can pick up
similar colors use perfectly
different color range
I have already applied beige varnish on my nails
it dry will also use
just such a ribbon for nail design
Will these and dried varnish
cover try to glue the tape
press it tightly around the edges to lacquer
did not flow under it
after i applied the tape
free space i fill with varnish
and other colors
I chose a gentle green soft blue
shades
after you have varnished
Try to remove as soon as whether
varnish should not dry out and the nights will be
difficult to remove then tape
on all fingers i will do a different design
I recommend you pre-cover
nails fixer before glueing
on them tape then
if after removing the tape you will remain
some flaws you can easily remove
use them with a brush and do not damage
initially varnish coating
pure it remains only to cover the nails
fixer and the design will be ready
I got this manicure
say goodbye to you until the next video before
new meetings